
Hello fellow toastmasters.
My name is Alex and I am the Timer for this meeting.
My objective is to help the meeting runs in allocated time.

As instructed by toastmaster, I'll go into bit of a more details about this role, which is good since I am doing this the first time.

So before the meeting I had to find out the timings for each speech, which is typically 5-7 minutes for most speeches, except ice-breakers which are 4-6 minutes, and there may be some longer speeches.

I had also prepared my phone which I will use as a stopwatch and learned how to change my Zoom background color.

During the meeting I will 
- explain the timings for speakers, table topic speakers and evaluators
- I will also test my zoom background colors
- I will keep time for each speech, and record it
- finally when called upon by toastmaster, I will present timing of all the speakers and evaluators.

So this was explanation, and here I will quickly go through theses steps:
- For prepared speeches I will show green background at 5 minutes, yellow at 6 and red at 7
- for table topics it will be green at 1 min, yellow at 1 and a half, and red at 2 minutes
- for evaluators it will be green at 2, yellow at 2 and a half, red a 3
  
If you see red, please try to finish your speech in next 30 seconds.

- I will give report at the end of the meeting.





TOASTMASTER
few days before promote the meeting
mention the roles that are not filed
agenda - find send all email button, agenda will be attached
write 2-3 minutes introduction to the theme
after that you basically MC - Master of Ceremonies,
transition between roles
start the meeting , close the meeting

do we have any guests - Georgina
Timer role - Anna

word of the day
- knowledge 

Ayushi
Life lessons -

Great speech Ayushi, I